I don't care if it takes from now till the end of Shrimpfest. You are a worse psychiatrist than you are a son-in-law and you will never get work as an actor because you have no talent. I was once called the worst audience participant Cirque du Soleil ever had. Also, your knee is on my heart. In the mid '90s, Tobias formed a folk music band with Lindsay and Maebe which he called Dr. Funke's 100 Percent Natural Good Time Family Band Solution. The group was underwritten by the Natural Food Life Company, a division of Chem-Grow, an Allen Crayne acqusition, which was part of the Squimm Group. Their motto was simple: We keep you alive. Go ahead, touch the Cornballer. I spent so much time making sweet love on my wife that it's hard to hear anything over the clatter of her breasts. Friend of mine from college. He also has a boat tho not called the Seaward. So Ann, the question is, do you want a man or a boy?
I think that's one of Mom's little fibs, you know, like I'll sacrifice anything for my children. It seems like only yesterday you were bursting forth from your mother's fertile womb. Whoa whoa whoa whoa. Wait. Are you telling me you have a multi-stage trick with hidden identities? I know I just call her Annabelle cause she's shaped like a…she's the belle of the ball! But I didn't take wasn't optimistic it could be done for an answer. Let's see some bananas and nuts!
So did you see the new Poof? His name's Gary and we don't need anymore lawsuits. The guy runs a prison he can have any piece of ass he wants. I am going to my spin class. I thought you had vertigo. A lady of the evening. Working girl. She turns illusions for money. Here he comes. Here comes John Wayne. Well, yeah you've gotta lock that down. Oh by the way Doctor said no kissing her on the face for one week. I was like make it two weeks, see if I care!
I know how I would answer. But anyhoo, can you believe that the only reason the club is going under is because it's in a terrifying neighborhood? Touché, Pandora. I suppose I'm buy-curious. I just want my brother to envy my money, but he's got that hair. Why can't I have hair and money, and him nothing? Oh it's so cute. She sometimes takes a little pack of mayonnaise and she'll squirt it in her mouth all over and then she'll take an egg and kind of mmm mmm. She calls it a mayonegg. Michael was adjusting to his new position as vice president, which meant doing the work of the president, his brother Gob. Ann, you need to decide whether you want a man or a boy. I know how I'd answer. I even tried to convince them he's gay, but no one would believe that a woman like me would have a gay son. Steve Holt! And although he'd only gotten to second base, he'd gone in head first, like Pete Rose. I don't think us sleeping together is working out. You're a grown man; you should be living with your mother. Well if you wanna play Eve you gotta get in line, behind what, about five homos? Gene Parmesan, how you doing? Actually Lindsay was so upset at Michael that she tried meditation to calm herself, but ended up taking a two-hour angry nap. Hey, why don't you pop a tent in front with your cousin Maeby? Do you guys know where I could get one of those gold necklaces with the "T" on it? I'm not sure how "Solid as a Rock" helps people forget that we built houses in Iraq. I'll be your wingman, even if it means me taking a chubby, I will suck it up. Everyone's laughing and riding and cornholing except Buster. You're gonna get some hop-ons. Yes, he's lost his left hand, so he's going to be "all right." And that's why you always leave a note. You stay on top of her, buddy. Do not be afraid to ride her...hard. First of all, we're doing this for her. Okay? Because neither one of us wants to get divorced. And secondably, I know you're the big marriage expert. Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot. Your wife is dead. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, there's still plenty of meat on that bone. Now you take this home, throw it in a pot, add some broth, a potato. Baby you got a stew going! Perhaps I should call the Hot Cops and tell them to come up with something more nautically themed. Who'd like a banger in the mouth? Oh, right, I forgot. Here in the states you call it a sausage in the mouth. There's always money in the banana stand. Okay Lindsay, are you forgetting that I was a professional twice over? An analyst and a therapist. The world's first analrapist. I'm afraid I just blue myself. I've made a huge mistake.
