You, flock of seagulls, you know why we're here?  Why don't you tell my man Vincent where you got the shit hid at? I don't remember askin' you a Goddamn thing! You were saying? We happy? Vincent! We happy? My name's Pitt. And your ass ain't talkin' your way out of this shit.I'm sorry, did I break your concentration?  I didn't mean to do that. Please, continue, you were saying something about best intentions. What's the matter?  Oh, you were finished! Well, allow me to retort. What does Marsellus Wallace look like? "What" ain't no country I've ever heard of. They speak English in What? English, motherfucker, do you speak it? Describe what Marsellus Wallace looks like! Say 'what' again. Say 'what' again, I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker, say what one more Goddamn time! What now?  Let me tell you what now. I'ma call a coupla hard, pipe-hittin' n-words, who'll go to work on the homes here with a pair of pliers and a blow torch. You hear me talkin', hillbilly boy?  I ain't through with you by a damn sight. I'ma get medieval on your ass.Oh, that what now. I tell you what now between me and you. There is no me and you. Not no more.There's a passage I got memorized. Ezekiel 25:17. "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy My brothers. And you will know I am the Lord when I lay My vengeance upon you." Now... I been sayin' that shit for years. And if you ever heard it, that meant your ass. You'd be dead right now. I never gave much thought to what it meant. I just thought it was a cold-blooded thing to say to a motherfucker before I popped a cap in his ass. But I saw some shit this mornin' made me think twice. See, now I'm thinking: maybe it means you're the evil man. And I'm the righteous man. And Mr. 9mm here... he's the shepherd protecting my righteous ass in the valley of darkness. Or it could mean you're the righteous man and I'm the shepherd and it's the world that's evil and selfish. And I'd like that. But that shit ain't the truth. The truth is you're the weak. And I'm the tyranny of evil men. But I'm tryin', Ringo. I'm tryin' real hard to be the shepherd.Hey, sewer rat may taste like pumpkin pie, but I'd never know 'cause I wouldn't eat the filthy motherfucker. Pigs sleep and root in shit. That's a filthy animal. I ain't eat nothin' that ain't got sense enough to disregard its own feces.I wouldn't go so far as to call a dog filthy but they're definitely dirty. But, a dog's got personality. Personality goes a long way.Well we'd have to be talkin' about one charming motherfuckin' pig. I mean he'd have to be ten times more charmin' than that Arnold on Green Acres, you know what I'm sayin'? They don't call it a Quarter Pounder with cheese? No man, they got the metric system. They wouldn't know what the fuck a Quarter Pounder is.They call it a Royale with cheese.A Royale with cheese. What do they call a Big Mac? Mmmm! Goddamn, Jimmie! This is some serious gourmet shit! Usually, me and Vince would be happy with some freeze-dried Taster's Choice right, but he springs this serious GOURMET shit on us! What flavor is this? I don't need you to tell me how fucking good my coffee is, okay?  I'm the one who buys it. I know how good it is. When Bonnie goes shopping she buys SHIT. I buy the gourmet expensive stuff because when I drink it I want to taste it. But you know what's on my mind right now?  It AIN'T the coffee in my kitchen, it's the dead n-word in my garage.No, No, No, No, let me ask you a question. When you came pulling in here, did you notice a sign out in front of my house that said "Dead n-word Storage"? Did you notice a sign out in front of my house that said "Dead n-word Storage"? Get it straight buster - I'm not here to say please, I'm here to tell you what to do and if self-preservation is an instinct you possess you'd better fucking do it and do it quick. I'm here to help - if my help's not appreciated then lotsa luck, gentlemen. If I'm curt with you it's because time is a factor. I think fast, I talk fast and I need you guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. So, pretty please... with sugar on top. Clean the fucking car.Ain't no fuckin' ballpark neither. Now look, maybe your method of massage differs from mine, but, you know, touchin' his wife's feet, and stickin' your tongue in her Holiest of Holies, ain't the same fuckin' ballpark, it ain't the same league, it ain't even the same fuckin' sport. Look, foot massages don't mean shit.Jules, did you ever hear the philosophy that once a man admits that he's wrong that he is immediately forgiven for all wrongdoings?  Have you ever heard that? Get the fuck out my face with that shit! The motherfucker that said that shit never had to pick up itty-bitty pieces of skull on account of your dumb ass. I got a threshold, Jules. I got a threshold for the abuse that I will take. Now, right now, I'm a fuckin' race car, right, and you got me the red. And I'm just sayin', I'm just sayin' that it's fuckin' dangerous to have a race car in the fuckin' red. That's all. I could blow.Oh! Oh! You ready to blow? Yeah, I'm ready to blow.Well, I'm a mushroom-cloud-layin' motherfucker, motherfucker! Every time my fingers touch brain, I'm Superfly T.N.T., I'm the Guns of the Navarone! IN FACT, WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOIN' IN THE BACK?  YOU'RE THE MOTHERFUCKER WHO SHOULD BE ON BRAIN DETAIL! We're fuckin' switchin'! I'm washin' the windows, and you're pickin' up this n-word's skull!I was washing 'em. But this shit's hard to get off. Maybe if I had Lava or something, I coulda done a better job.I used the same fuckin' soap you did and when I got finished, the towel didn't look like no goddamn Maxi-Pad!The way your dad looked at it, this watch was your birthright. He'd be damned if any slopes gonna put their greasy yellow hands on his boy's birthright, so he hid it, in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. Five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. Then when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. I hid this uncomfortable piece of metal up my ass for two years. Then, after seven years, I was sent home to my family. And now, little man, I give the watch to you.I don't wanna hear about no motherfuckin' ifs. All I wanna hear from your ass is, You ain't got no problem, Jules. I'm on the motherfucker. Go back in there, chill them n-words out and wait for the cavalry which should be coming directly.You ain't got no problem, Jules. I'm on the motherfucker. Go back in there, chill them n-words out and wait for the Wolf who should be coming directly.Well, the way they pick TV shows is, they make one show. That show's called a pilot. Then they show that one show to the people who pick shows, and on the strength of that one show they decide if they want to make more shows. Some get chosen and become television programs. Some don't, become nothing. She starred in one of the ones that became nothing.
